get up already
just give me another five minutes.
I'm up now.
Why on earth do you need so much sleep?
Oh,my gosh! I over slept!
I'm still half asleep.
I'm going back to sleep.
You've got bed hair.
Your face looks puffy.
your toast is ready.
sorry! I burned the toast.
Hurry up and down your breakfast or you'll be late.
How do you want your eggs?
Scrambled and runny.
I gotta run. Thanks for the breakfast.
this outfit looks alright,doesn't it?
your faster in back is open.
I got a run in my stocking again.
I asked you  to iron this shirt,didn't I?
It's a wrinkle-free shirt,isn't it?
I'm having a bad hair day.
Do you know where my wallet is?
Isn't it where you always put it?
You look totally different with make-up.
If I'm late today,I might get fired.
If I miss this train,I won't be able to see that guy I have a crush on.
Shoot! My commuter pass expired!
I caught the train in the nick of time.
A woman thought I was trying to feel her up,but she was wrong.
the train is delayed due to an accident with injuries.
I'm getting off! Let me through!
Ouch! Someone just dug their heel into my foot.
laundry just keeps piling up.
Should this be hand-washed?
It's probably better to get this dry-cleaned.
I put it through the washer with a tissue in the pocket.
It shrunk in the dryer.
It's such a hassle to fold clothes.
How could you make such a mess?
It looks like a garbage dump.
Clean this up right away.
I'll vacuum the room.
It's not sucking anything up.
I'll forget about cleaning for today.
There's mold growing in the bath.
The drain is really stinky.
Wow! you're such a neat freak.
weren't we gonna share the housekeeping duties?
You're useless! you lazy good-for-nothing
I'm starving.
You wanna go out to eat? It's on me.
Once I finish this ,I can go.
What do you feel like eating?
I heard that restaurant started an all-you-can-eat deal.
Payday's a few days away so I'm broke.
Anything over thousand yen is out of the question.
We gotta get there early,or else there'll be a line for sure.
what do you recommend?
You get plenty of food in the set.
I'd like this to go,please.
Is that all you're having for lunch?
I'm on a diet.
It's almost three,so let's take a break.
I got you some cream puffs.
Sounds good.I have the biggest sweet tooth.
I'm home.
How was your day?
My day sucked!
What an incredible dinner tonight!
It's stuffed cabbage.
I really put my heart and soul into it.
I want a big helping.
It's amazing!
Yesterday's leftovers again?
I really wanna have a drink tonight.
Making appetizers to go with alcohol is such a bother.
Whatever you have is OK.
I don't feel like cooking tonight.
No problem.Lets'just order out then.
You're not eating.What's wrong?
I have a stomachache
thanks for dinner.I'm full.
I'll take a bath first.
the bath is almost overflowing.
recently I'm really into bath powders.
Can you grab me something to change into.
the towel is really fluffy and soft.
Ah,I feel refreshed.
I'm kinda hungry.
You'll get fat if you eat before bed.
I'm beat so I'm heading to bed first.
Try not to hog the covers tonight.
I collapsed into my bed.
I always talk in my sleep.
I can't get to sleep.
Try counting sheep.
I need some sleeping pills.
Sleep tight.
Sweet dreams.
I asked for a Nitendo DS this year for my birthday.
There's no way I'm buying it for you.
Maybe he's planned some surprise for me.
Guess what's inside.
How did you know what I wanted.
Should we have the name put on the cake.
How many candles should we put on the cake?
Did my birthday slip your mind?
Thanks for remembering.
How old are you?
Let's not talk about age.
I'm still twenty-nine.
You're more likely thirty.
I'm getting less and less happy about my birthday
I can't think of any bad birthday memories.
Are you going to come clean with your feeling for him?
I'm thinking of giving homemade chocolate this year.
How much is your chocolate budget for your favorite guy?
Vanlentine's Day is just a way for businesses to make money.
I put some Vanlentine chocolate in his shoe cupboard.
I didn't have a chance to give it to him and ate it myself.
I'm just glad to get some.
Be sure to return the favor.
When is Father's Day anyway?
I forgot about Father's Day and my dad got all sulky on me.
Carnations are common presents on Mother's Day.
Are you giving your parents anything?
Your feelings are more important than giving presents.
You gotta express your thanks more.
I forgot about Mother's Day so my mom called me.
You ungrateful child!
Are you gonna spend Christmas with your family?
This year I'll spend Christmas with my boyfriend.
You only have a month left to find a boyfriend.
How old were you when you stopped believing in Santa Claus?
I made a list of presents I wanted and went to sleep with it under my pillow.
But I get different presents for some reason.
I'm not so happy about getting SUDOKU.
I wrote Santa a letter of complaint and got a response.
Even though there wasn't a chimnery or fireplace in my house.Santa came.
What's your favortie Christmas carol?
a joyful atmosphere fills the church at Christmas.
My girlfriend dumped me last Christmas.
I wanna go somewhere to see the Christmas lights.
I want to avoid working overtime on Christmas Eve.
I gotta try and avoid my boss's eyes.
My boyfriend's away on business,so we can't meet on Christmas.
That's kinda suspicious.
Another year's already passed.
Yikes! I still haven't written my New Year's greetings.
Let's decide on who's cleaning what.
I'm getting rid of a year's worth of dust.
I gotta go and buy food for New Year's.
How long do you have off over New Year's.
Where are we gonna do the countdown?
I'm gonna go back home and watch the New Year's Eve Song show or something.
Do you visit a shrine or temple at the beginning of every year.
Visiting a famous shrine is like people watching.
let's all go and watch the first sunrise of the year together.
Happy New Year!
The year begins with sales.
What's your New Year's resolution?
I hope to get married this year.
You won't get anywhere if you jus rely on others to help you.
Do you know what day it is today?
I wonder if he'll remember our wedding anniversary this year.
If he forgets again this year,I won't let him get away with it.
Men always neglect anniversaries.
I gotta get my dressy clothes dry-cleaned.
My grandparents will celebrate their golden wedding.
It's been a full ten years since we moved here.
That means we've ten years older too.
What kind of work are you doing?
I do sales at a trading company.
I'm an apprentice carpenter now.
I'm temping at an IT-affiliated company.
I run my own Japanese-style bar.
I work at an apparel company in accounting.
the headquarters is in Kyoto.
My company is foreign-affiliated.
I'm in the middle of job-hunting.
Your work looks pretty tough.
It's because it's physical labor.
what line of business are you in?
Mainly I develop products for overseas sales.
It gives me a sense of satisfaction.
I take pride in my work.
Did you punch in?
I just made it in time.
I sit down at my desk and turn on my computer.
How did things go yesterday?
Let's have a little meeting.
Did you get the document done that I asked for yesterday?
Would you like a cup of coffee?
That's just what I wanted.
You take it black,right?
I'm going out to eat.
I'm totally swamped.
I always work overtime for no pay.
Help me out and I'll treat you next time.
I wanna go home at regular quitting time.
I'm heading out now. see you.
I made a lot of progress at work today.
Beer tastes good after work.
I did an all- nighter to make the documents
the meeting will start on time.
Alright,let's get started.What's the first item of business?
We're here today to discuss the tie-up with ABC Corporation.
This meeting could decide the fate of this company.
Please take a look at the documents I've handed out.
If you have any opinion on this,please share it.
the general manager and the section chief butted head.
What's your opinion on this issue?
That's an interesting opinion.
I think you brought up a good point.
Choose your words carefully.
Can you explain in more detail?
Could I make a comment?
Let me propose a new sales strategy.
Isn't it about time to make a decision?
Let's end the meeting at this point.
This company's office regulations are strict.
Is it easy to take paid vaction?
If you have a child,what are you going to do about your job.
My husband will take child-care leave.
Is there company-owned housing.
This company takes excellent care of its employees'welfare.
This job has all kinds of insurance benefits.
I'll join the employee pension.
I bought myself a bag with my first month's salary.
I make two hundred thousand yen a month.
Is that take-home pay?
It's a lucrative job.
I can't survive on this salary.
I can barely pay rent.
I can't wait till payday.
I'm gonna blow my bonus on a flat screen TV.
Instead of getting a raise my salary got cut.
The invoice is due today.
Can we write off last night's bill as a business expense?
I stare into a computer all day long.
I email a lot.
The phone's not ringing today.
Are you still keeping accounts by hand?
I still haven't gotten the hang of the new accounting software.
Accounting requires bookkeeping knowledge.
I'm a loan officer.
The main part of my job is working with revenue and expendintures.
I'm in charge of handling complaints.
Dealing with customers takes a lot of energy.
We use the petty cash for buying office supplies.
we went into a panic when we suddenly got audited by the tax inspector.
We need to make up for the loss of the uncollected mortgage.
Conlolidated settlement probably will fall into deficit.
when we balance the books,we can use all the help we can get.
My name is Tetsuya sekiguchi. I have an appointment for two o'clock.
Is Ms.Saito,the section chief,available?
She's away at the moment.
I can't help you without an appointment.
Please wait here.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
I'm sorry to bother you.
Excuse me. Is the tea on its way?
My name is hiroshi nakayama and I'm in charge of this project.
Let's exchange business cards.
Let's get right down to business.
I brought some new product samples today.
This product is our company's best one.
I'm on pins and needles about the big deal.
I'll wait and see what they will do with this.
We're planning to put this on the market next month.
Our product is holding its ground against other companies' products.
What demographic is your target?
The product is geared toward a wide range of age demographics.
We meet the needs of the customer.
Can you give me an estimate?
Is there anyway you can lower the cost?
Even for you , Mr.Takahashi, I don't think we can discount it any further.
We hit a few roadblocks during the negotiations.
we'll do our best to work in line with your wishes.
Let me take this back to headquarters and review it.
I'll see what I can do.
The division manager is very good at  negotiation.
Negotiations went smoothly.
I'd like to make this a three-year contract.
Let me check the agreement.
I'll sign the contract.
Thanks for your time today.
I hope to work with you again soon.
I'm Yusuke Makita from ABC Company.
Thanks for taking the time out of your busy schedule.
Can you spare me three minutes of your time?
I'm busy right now.
Have you ever used our company's product.
we've just released a new product.
we're distributing samples.
This can get out even the toughtest stains on collars and cuffs.
You can try this for thirty days free.
Of course returns are possible.
No matter how many times you come,I'm not going to buy it.
As a special offer now,I'll throw in this cleaning net.
Thank you. We'll get this product to you as soon as possible.
I go to a hundred places a day.
It's hard to meet quotas.
Though I buzz at the door,usually no one answers.
I got nothing to lose.There's always tomorrow.
